todo.md, before:

# ToDo

## Right Now

- update filter to also include learning and speaking lang: guesses, sort
- show all guess types
- make font size smaller according to number of letters
- nach magic karten einfach anlegen und sortierung nach date
- bulk add mit ähnlichem layout wie overview, nur mit mehr margin an den rändern -> irgendwie sizing regeln
- mark in navbar ongoing session
- move ai service to component
- editing notes and then reopening stuff is not working
- add notes function in learning view

## Later

- remove linkedIds, add linked collections. Add collection creation or collection add to button on selection
- "spaced repetition"

- refactor forms handling to allow escape to cancel
- import cards functionality (using zod as validation)
- allow both directions, save cards in a more general way by language
- handle early finished practice -> set all guesses to wrong to allow finished screen
- show links in pracitce
- change direction
- save langauges with card
- toasts for guess selection and error communication

# sources

https://remixicon.com/icon/arrow-up-s-line

Commit message:

fixed layout and bulk add

todo.md, after:

# ToDo

## Right Now

- do this for github actions pipeline:
  -- https://chatgpt.com/c/6872db41-3598-800e-a5ad-c79490013cce
- add notes function in learning view

## Later

- make font size smaller according to number of letters
- remove linkedIds, add linked collections. Add collection creation or collection add to button on selection
- "spaced repetition"

- refactor forms handling to allow escape to cancel
- import cards functionality (using zod as validation)
  - export and import not only exports the cards, but also a collection having all of the card ids
  - request name of collection on export

- save practices history
  - also show stats like in practice comp
- handle early finished practice -> set all guesses to wrong to allow finished screen
- show links in pracitce
- change direction
- save langauges with card
- toasts for guess selection and error communication

# sources

https://remixicon.com/icon/arrow-up-s-line

## Put in readme

whats an ai kez
what does the confidence level mean
what do the dots mean
